README.md, before:

# Home2Health

> In 2012, the ABS estimated that there were an estimated 9,595 homeless people - living in a temporary or improvised dwelling, sleeping out, or in tents - in Western Australia, with the national figure at 116, 000 (ABS 2016).  
>
> This project is concerned with aiding two researchers, Shannen Vallesi - a Research Officer with the School of Population and Health at UWA - Associate Professor and Senior Research Fellow, Lisa Wood -  and their colleagues in creating a multi-purpose website to not only host their research, but to create a forum for discussion, and collaboration, for professionals and individuals, to tackle the growing issues surrounding homelessness and health in Australia, and beyond. There are over 80 different individuals and organisations who are interested in the outcome of this project.  

## Tech Stack

* React
* NextJS
* ExpressJS
* MongoDB
* MaterializeCSS

## Resources

* [React Documentation](https://reactjs.org/docs/getting-started.html)
* [NextJS](https://nextjs.org/docs)
* [ExpressJS Documentation](https://expressjs.com/)
  * NextJS integration with ExpressJS [example](https://github.com/zeit/next.js/tree/master/examples/custom-server-express) and in the [NextJS docs](https://nextjs.org/docs#custom-server-and-routing)
* [MongoDB Documentation](https://docs.mongodb.com/guides/)
* [MaterializeCSS Documentation](https://materializecss.com/)

## The Team

* [noobling](https://github.com/noobling) - Tech Lead | Developer
  * Mentoring
* [innocentmm](https://github.com/innocentmm) - Project Manager | Developer
  * Login and Registration page
* [JKKim98](https://github.com/JKKim98) - Project Manager | Developer
  * Profile page and list page
* [frinzekt](https://github.com/frinzekt) - Developer
  * Forum posts
* [shazzatherazza](https://github.com/shazzatherazza) - Developer
  * Landing page and Contact Us form

Commit message:

add build setup, thanks prez

README.md, after:

# Home2Health

> In 2012, the ABS estimated that there were an estimated 9,595 homeless people - living in a temporary or improvised dwelling, sleeping out, or in tents - in Western Australia, with the national figure at 116, 000 (ABS 2016).  
>
> This project is concerned with aiding two researchers, Shannen Vallesi - a Research Officer with the School of Population and Health at UWA - Associate Professor and Senior Research Fellow, Lisa Wood -  and their colleagues in creating a multi-purpose website to not only host their research, but to create a forum for discussion, and collaboration, for professionals and individuals, to tackle the growing issues surrounding homelessness and health in Australia, and beyond. There are over 80 different individuals and organisations who are interested in the outcome of this project.  

## Build Setup
* Make sure you have Node v12 or higher and yarn installed.
* Get the `.env` files from a member of the team and place it in the root of `/backend` and `/frontend` appropriately.

``` bash
# install dependencies
$ yarn install # @ /frontend

# serve frontend with hot reload at localhost:3000
$ yarn dev # @ /frontend

# build frontend for production and launch server
$ yarn build && yarn start # @ /frontend

# start backend server
$ yarn dev # @ /backend
```

## Tech Stack

* React
* NextJS
* ExpressJS
* MongoDB
* MaterializeCSS

## Resources

* [React Documentation](https://reactjs.org/docs/getting-started.html)
* [NextJS](https://nextjs.org/docs)
* [ExpressJS Documentation](https://expressjs.com/)
  * NextJS integration with ExpressJS [example](https://github.com/zeit/next.js/tree/master/examples/custom-server-express) and in the [NextJS docs](https://nextjs.org/docs#custom-server-and-routing)
* [MongoDB Documentation](https://docs.mongodb.com/guides/)
* [MaterializeCSS Documentation](https://materializecss.com/)

## The Team

* [noobling](https://github.com/noobling) - Tech Lead | Developer
  * Mentoring
* [innocentmm](https://github.com/innocentmm) - Project Manager | Developer
  * Login and Registration page
* [JKKim98](https://github.com/JKKim98) - Project Manager | Developer
  * Profile page and list page
* [frinzekt](https://github.com/frinzekt) - Developer
  * Forum posts
* [shazzatherazza](https://github.com/shazzatherazza) - Developer
  * Landing page and Contact Us form
